what's up guys this is Derek house from
THF TNS calm and today I'm going to show
you guys how to make my protein
gingerbread cake so let's get to it
the first thing you're gonna do is take
out either a food processor or blender
and put in one and a half cups or 120
grams of rolled oats into it what we're
gonna do with our rolled oats is make
our own homemade oat flour in order to
do that all you have to do is blend or
process your oats until they look like
flour in there is your homemade oat
flour to make things easy I just add the
rest of my ingredients into the food
processor if you don't have a food
processor I do post a link in the
description below to the exact one that
I'm using it's only around twenty-five
dollars shipped you can also use a
regular mixer or hand mixer instead as
for the rest of our ingredients we're
gonna add in half a cup or four ounces
of sugar-free vanilla coconut milk if
you don't like or can't find coconut
milk you can use regular milk or any
other milk substitute one large egg one
large egg white one teaspoon of vanilla
extract and eight the cup of sugar-free
syrup 3/4 a teaspoon of ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon of ground allspice one and
a half teaspoons of ground cinnamon half
a banana half a cup or 122 grams of
unsweetened applesauce 4 scoops or 120
grams of vanilla protein powder 1/3 a
cup of sweetener
two teaspoons of baking powder half a
teaspoon of salt four teaspoons or
sixteen grams of light brown sugar and
two tablespoons of molasses process or
mix everything together you don't want
to over mix it so once everything looks
mixed together stop mixing pre-heat your
oven on 375 take out at least a ten inch
cake pan and coat it with some nonstick
cooking spray add your mix into your
cake pan if you wanted to now's the time
where you could top it with nuts
chocolate chips or whatever else you
prefer we're gonna put it in the oven on
375 for around 15 to 20 minutes as far
as the calories go in the whole cake
there's 1379 only 19 grams of fat 173
grams of carbs and 129 grams of protein
after 20 minutes for me it does look
done so I'm just gonna take it out I
like to top mine with some cool whip if
you don't like cool up you could top it
with some fat-free vanilla Greek yogurt
or my protein frosting which can be
found right there and then a couple
crushed up graham crackers and there is
your protein gingerbread cake
as you guys saw the cake is done so now
I'm just gonna try to buy it so to keep
this short it pretty much tastes like a
soft spongy gingerbread cookie if you
had my gingerbread muffins that I made
last week pretty much tastes like those
but it has more of a cake like texture
obviously absolutely delicious
another thing you could do aside from
topping it with graham crackers is top
it with a cinnamon roll quest bar if
you've never had quest bars before
they're low in sugar high in fiber and
protein and they come in a ton of
different flavors you can pick them up
at most grocery and vitamins stores but
if you still can't find them I do post a
link in my description to where you can
buy them if you post a comment below I
am going to pick five random people over
the next week and ship you guys some
cinnamon roll quest bars alright guys I
just want to thank you for your
continued support and wish all of you a
Merry Christmas if you like this recipe
please go ahead and give me a thumbs up
it motivates me to keep making these if
you haven't already subscribed and you'd
like to you can click right there on the
screen coming up and by subscribing
you'll get email every week telling you
upload a new video comments or
suggestions go down below
I do try and respond to everybody thank
you guys again for watching I got some
cake to finish stay healthy